= offensivecomputing

Rubygem for interacting with OffensiveComputing.net, a malware sharing community.  This allows for query and downloading of malware.

	oc = OffensiveComputing::MalwareSearch.new(user, pass)
	recs = oc.search("4462aae981360f73b0016d69029321b4")
	pp recs => [#<struct OffensiveComputing::MalwareResult
	  md5="4462aae981360f73b0016d69029321b4",
	  sha1="f8229be77c429c84f4c612a4f106bc54a96a8733",
	  sha256="f951deff6086a1e68f0d09bd3856f1c1af5c117590443ea05d171a75969bbb63",
	  filename="4462aae981360f73b0016d69029321b4.EXE",
	  added=Sat May 26 17:38:23 UTC 2007,
	  magic="MZ executable for MS-DOS",
	  packer=nil,
	  avresults=
	   [#<struct OffensiveComputing::AVResult
	     name="ClamAV",
	     signature="VGEN.735.3">,
	    #<struct OffensiveComputing::AVResult
	     name="BitDefender",
	     signature="GenDropper.MutaGen">,
	    #<struct OffensiveComputing::AVResult
	     name="Kaspersky",
	     signature="Virus.DOS.MutaGen.100.Test.1325">,
	    #<struct OffensiveComputing::AVResult
	     name="AVGScan",
	     signature="Virus found Mutagen">],
	  tags=nil,
	  dlurl="download.php?id=1...7&auth=9...e">]


== Contributing to offensivecomputing
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 chrislee35. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

